It's starting. My grades are coming out soon.
You carve something for a game.
Broken shoes kept by rich people still want to get results
I think you are played too much by men.
Play with your head
Listen to you
These are the kids from your crappy school.
It's not shameful to lose
Zhang Ruolan is not what I said
Your ancestors were champions in ancient times
Gaofeng Festival
The people in Zhaojia Village are all simple folk customs
How did I come to you?
You have become a shameless scum
Zhao Jiacun's face has made you lose face
Village Chief, what are you waiting for?
Look at Principal Wang, he can't listen to the people coming.
Take this bargain
And his useless father pulled me to whip 30.
Don't reveal our ancestral hall here
Village Chief Ruolan's results will come out soon
Please, just let us have a look, okay?
This is cheap or engraved during the competition.
Have a shit grade
Did I carve anything?
Don't you know when the results come out?
We don't want hot eyes.
I don't want to be embarrassed in front of my ancestors
Start broadcasting now
The results of weightlifting in the women's group